README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
work in the future


# 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![.Net](https://img.shields.io/badge/.NET-5C2D91?style=for-the-badge&logo=.net&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=romzimuzit&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=romzimuzit&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=romzimuzit&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=romzimuzit&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Update README with personal and social info

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
🔭 I’m currently working on<br>👯 I’m looking to collaborate on<br>🤝 I’m looking for help with<br>🌱 I’m currently learning<br>💬 Ask me about<br>⚡ Fun fact


## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/https://www.instagram.com/oly_zee2?igsh=OHdsNnJ4d2VqMWdh) [![TikTok](https://img.shields.io/badge/TikTok-%23000000.svg?logo=TikTok&logoColor=white)](https://tiktok.com/@https://www.tiktok.com/@sukalaguliriklagu?_r=1&_t=ZS-91ad8zMDnUq) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/php-%23777BB4.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=php&logoColor=white) ![Chakra](https://img.shields.io/badge/chakra-%234ED1C5.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=chakraui&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=romzimuzit&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=romzimuzit&theme=dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=romzimuzit&theme=dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=romzimuzit&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
